outside the Abu yusf Al naar Hospital in
Rafa death dominates the
scene the soundtrack here is ceaseless
grief I beg you this woman cries I want
to see her for the last
time those here mourn for their
mothers their sister
and their
sons but no amount of Tears will change
this
reality all of a sudden the roof came
down on our heads the whole family was
gathered my mother and brother with his
wife and children the house was hit by a
missile we did not feel anything after
that my mother was
killed medical staff race to respond
despite risks to their
safety it is difficult to get anywhere
to get the wounded people because of the
bombs being dropped one after the other
there are wounded people everywhere and
the injuries are
serious we reach one location and it's
targeted once twice while we're at the
same
location adults in shop sharing
treatment space with
children faces bloodied and
frightened in this case still
alive but just as one patient
leaves another
arrives his friend crying out for help
and
quickly the bandaging
Begins the blood is cleaned
up but the ambulance Sirens never
stop Villa marks Al
jaera make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer